# Assignment Summary and Job Breakdown

This assignment will compare the portfolio returns and risk parameters of different types of investors. 

Overall there will be four categories of investors, each chose to invest their capital differently based on their level of risk tolerance.

RISK AVERSE

RISK NEUTRAL

RISK NEUTRAL OPTIMISED WITH ALGORITHMS

RISK HIGH


Each type of investor decided to invest different amounts into different asset categories they chose between Shares, Cryptocurrency, Bonds and Commodities. 


It is our job to show the returns of each of these portfolios as well as the risk measurements that accompany them. 



Accordingly, here is a list of tasks that much be achieved to complete this assignment. 
1. We must extract financial data for each asset class. 
	For shares we will use information from the S&P 500 as this will be the most accurate representation of the share market.
	For commodities, an index would be the best representation of the market as well, optimally giving us exposure to more than just gold.
	For crypto, an index would be the best representation of the market as well, optimally giving us exposure to more than just gold.
	For Bonds we will be using the bond yield for US Treasury Bonds as these are regarded as 'risk free assets'. 
	

If for whatever reason an index cannot be found/extracted from the web we will have to make our own. This will be done by multiplying (0.2)('crypto returns') five times for all the currencies we wish to use.


2. Once this data is found, export said data into a CSV file so that it may be read into the main .ipynb file. It is here that we can concatenate the data into a single dataframe to be applied to the portfolios.

3. Now we must decide on the weightings of each portfolio. As a rough outline it may look like this 

	RISK AVERSE = 50% Bonds, 30% shares, 15% commodities, 5% crypto.

	RISK NEUTRAL = 20% Bonds, 50% shares, 10% crypto, 20% commodities.

	RISK HIGH = 5% Bonds, 50% shares, 30% crypto, 15% commodities


To create the portfolios the equation is quite simple. E.g. for RISK AVERSE portfolio return the equation would be... 

		(0.5)(bond returns) + (0.3)(share returns) + (0.15)(commodities returns)+ (0.05)(crypto returns) 

Our returns will be plotted using HVPLOT and then prepared for upload to dashboard. 


Feel free to alter this document if needed.